Update PR #1061 with the changes discussed in the FuSa call to make t… (#1141)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/devLifeCycleStage.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

> # devLifeCycleStage

Reviewer: I am not a native English speaker but I think we can simply do `devLifecycleStage` because lifecycle is really one word.

Reviewer 2: I'm not a native English speaker as well and in general I don't have a preference between "LifeCycle" and "Lifecycle" -- but as we already have [/Core/LifecycleScopedRelationship](https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/blob/develop/model/Core/Classes/LifecycleScopedRelationship.md), we should keep using "Lifecycle".

## Summary

The product lifecycle phase, the requirement is applicable for.

## Description

> There are requirements that apply to the design phase of a product, that are aimed at the development, to the build environment, give instructions for the decommissioning phase etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development lifecycle stage specifies the phase or phases of a product's lifecycle to which a given requirement applies. These may include requirements that govern the design phase, guide development activities, define constraints for the build environment, provide instructions for the decommissioning phase, etc.
```

## Metadata

- name: devLifeCycleStage

> - Nature: RequirementProperty

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Nature: DataProperty
```
- Nature:  are DataProperty or ObjectProperty  see [format](https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/blob/develop/docs/format.md#properties)
